Create organization/members.md (#788) (#796)
publiccodenet/about: organization/members.md

---
type: resource
---

# Members

The Foundation for Public Code is an association of wholly publicly-owned public organizations.* Our members are integral to our ability to [achieve our mission](https://about.publiccode.net/organization/mission.html). Read more about [becoming a member](https://publiccode.net/membership/).

We currently have 1 public member:

- Provincie Zuid-Holland, the Netherlands ([joined July 2020](https://www.zuid-holland.nl/publish/pages/25949/cf6_gs_brief_-_lidmaatschap_vereniging_foundation_for_public_code_-_dos-2016-0004358.pdf))

> \* In order to start as an association, 4 initial individual founders act as members until there are enough public members for the organization to sustain itself. The founders are Arnout Schuijff, Ben Cerveny, Boris van Hoytema and Pieter van der Does.

Author: ```suggestion
\* In order to legally start as an association, 4 individual founders are acting as members until there are enough public members for the organization to sustain itself. The founders are Arnout Schuijff, Ben Cerveny, Boris van Hoytema and Pieter van der Does.
```
